TOPIC
    about_Vester

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    Test and fix configuration drift in your VMware vSphere environment.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    Vester removes discrepancies from your VMware vSphere environment.
    It uses PowerCLI and Pester to compare desired settings versus actual.

    Do you know if:
	1) All of your hosts have the same NTP settings?
	2) Your cluster's DRS is set to the desired aggression level?
	3) Any of your VM CD drives have media currently mounted?
	4) All of your NFS settings are uniform?
	
	Vester does!

  GETTING STARTED
		Import-Module Vester
	
	Review the supplied default config file with this line of magic:
		ise "$(Split-Path (Get-Module Vester).Path -Parent)\Configs\Config.ps1"
	
    Each value should match the desired end-state of your environment.
	You can also set a value to $null, which will skip its corresponding test.
	For example, to skip the syslog test on each host:
		$cfg.host = @{
			esxsyslog = $null
		}
	
	We'll make an auto-generating config file soon™ ;)

  RUNNING TESTS
	Invoke-Vester is used to run tests against config files.
	Please refer to the cmdlet's help for more specific examples.
	
		Get-Help Invoke-Vester -Examples
	
	Tests can be filtered by piping in Get-ChildItem, or within the -Script
	parameter (like Pester). Because Invoke-Vester just calls Pester,
	it searches for tests the same way. When given a directory, it will search
	recursively for *.Tests.ps1 files. When given a file, it will run it as a
	test, regardless of whether it is named *.Tests.ps1 or not.
	
	You may	need multiple config files if you have an environment larger than
	one cluster or one vCenter. Invoke-Vester allows you to specify the config
	file to use, which determines the vCenter to connect to, the scope of
	clusters/hosts/VMs/etc. to search, and the values to use. This is useful
	if you have both Prod/Dev, if you have many sites to manage, and so on.
	
	The -Remediate parameter is designed to immediately fix any discovered issues.
	You should always run a test without -Remediate first, to ensure all failed
	tests are expected. Don't drink and admin! (...do so responsibly, anyway.)
	As an advanced function, Invoke-Vester also supports -WhatIf and -Confirm.

NOTE
    Vester is a community-driven open source project; as such,
	there is no official support, and it is used at your own risk.
	Find us on GitHub to report bugs, submit questions, request
	features, and maybe even lend a hand! :)

SEE ALSO
    The project on GitHub:
        https://github.com/WahlNetwork/Vester

KEYWORDS
    Vester, VMware, vCenter, vSphere, ESXi, PowerCLI, Pester
